adding user description (#2806)
cap-js/docs: java/fiori-drafts.md

}
```

## Showing a Custom User Description { #draft-user-description}

> By default, the SAP Fiori draft UI displays the technical user ID in fields such as *Locked by*. To show a human-readable name instead, enable the `draftUserDescription` CDS compiler option and populate the generated `InProcessByUserDescription` field via a custom handler.

Reviewer: > the technical user ID

Hm, usually this is the email address, which is not really a technical ID, is it? Maybe rephrase to "the unique user ID" or "the unique username" even.

> By default, the SAP Fiori draft UI displays the technical user ID in fields such as *Locked by*. To show a human-readable name instead, enable the `draftUserDescription` CDS compiler option and populate the generated `InProcessByUserDescription` field via a custom handler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the SAP Fiori draft UI displays the unique user name in fields such as *Locked by*. To show a human-readable name instead, enable the `draftUserDescription` CDS compiler option and populate the generated `InProcessByUserDescription` field via a custom handler.
```

**1. Enable the compiler option** in your `.cdsrc.json`:

```json
{
  "cdsc": {
    "draftUserDescription": true
  }
}
```

> This adds `InProcessByUserDescription`, `CreatedByUserDescription`, and `LastChangedByUserDescription` to the `DraftAdministrativeData` entity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The compiler now adds `InProcessByUserDescription`, `CreatedByUserDescription`, and `LastChangedByUserDescription` to the `DraftAdministrativeData` entity.
```

**2. Register a `@Before` handler** on `DRAFT_CREATE` across all draft services to populate the field:

```java
@Component
@ServiceName(value = "*", type = DraftService.class)
public class UserDescriptionHandler implements EventHandler {

    @Autowired private UserInfo userInfo;

    @Before
    protected void addDraftFields(DraftCreateEventContext context, List<CdsData> entries) {
        CdsDataProcessor.Filter filter =
            (path, element, type) -> "InProcessByUserDescription".equals(element.getName());
        CdsDataProcessor.Generator generator = (path, element, isNull) -> description();
        CdsDataProcessor.create().addGenerator(filter, generator).process(entries, context.getTarget());
    }

    private String description() {
        return userInfo.getAdditionalAttribute("given_name")
            + " "
            + userInfo.getAdditionalAttribute("family_name");
    }
}
```

> ::: tip

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
::: warning
```
Maybe it should be a warning in case these are examples that may not be present.
